README.md, before:

# Diconium OAK Persistence 
This is a project is Created with the goal to implement an OAK persistence layer (Data Store).

## Description
This is a project is Created with the goal to implement an OAK persistence layer (Data Store). that persists the data in a
local directory using the git object database.Because the Oak architecture does not provide a way to configure a new Data Store
implementation, the solution has to be implemented as a JDBC driver.

## Structure
As of now this project has only one Module. There is no Parent Project or other modules.

## Build
  1. Using Maven
      * Use Maven Plugins  and maven commands to build the project.  
## How to build your code locally using Eclipse



## How to build your code locally using IntelliJ
    
    
    
    
##### Or use the IDE interface to pass the arguments.


    
## Tips & tricks


## Testing

This project is developed with Test Driven Development Approach. 

* unit test in core: this show-cases classic unit testing of the code contained in the bundle. To test, execute:

    mvn clean test

## Maven settings

The project comes with the auto-public repository configured. To setup the repository in your Maven settings, refer to:

    http://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/SetUpTheAdobeMavenRepository.html

Commit message:

Plugin in added in pom file to run the test cases Info added in Read me file.

README.md, after:


# Diconium OAK Persistence 
This is a project is Created with the goal to implement an OAK persistence layer (Data Store).


## Description
This is a project is Created with the goal to implement an OAK persistence layer (Data Store). that persists the data in a
local directory using the git object database.Because the Oak architecture does not provide a way to configure a new Data Store
implementation, the solution has to be implemented as a JDBC driver.


## Structure
As of now this project has only one Module. There is no Parent Project or other modules.


## Build
  1. Using Maven
      * Use Maven Plugins  and maven commands to build the project.
      
       
## How to build your code locally using Eclipse



## How to build your code locally using IntelliJ
    
 To build the project in IntelliJ,we need to configure maven commands(mvn clean install) in IntelliJ
    
    1. In IntelliJ IDE Tool bar Click on Run option. It will show lot of options in the dropdown menu.
    2. Clcik on Edit Configurations, it will open a pop up window.
    3. Clcik on + symbol to create a new configuration
    4. Select maven option for creating maven goal.
    5.  Add the values to below options.
               a. Working directory ( Project Root Path)
               b. Command line ( Clean install )
               c. Profiles ( If there is any profile specific goals)
    6. Give the Goal name and Apply all the settings and click on OK.
    
    
 Now we can run the build with the Given goal name.
 
  
## How to build your code locally in Command prompt  

 To build this project in local Command prompt ,We need to follow the below steps
    
    1. Make sure that maven is installed in your local.
    2. Go to the root folder of the project in local file system.
    3. open Command prompt at the root folder level
    4. Run the maven commands ( mvn clean install).


## Testing

This project is developed with Test Driven Development Approach. 

* unit test in core: this show-cases classic unit testing of the code contained in the bundle. To test, execute:

    mvn clean test

## Maven settings

The project comes with the auto-public repository configured. To setup the repository in your Maven settings, refer to:

    http://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/SetUpTheAdobeMavenRepository.html
